Fix vertical_stretch injection and kwargs passing on DockWidget (#2705)
Napari/napari: docs/release/release_0_4_8.md

  the previous behaviour with
  `napari.utils.resize_dask_cache(memory_fraction=0.1)`. You can of course also
  experiment with other values!

> - The default `area` for `add_dock_widget` is not `right`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The default `area` for `add_dock_widget` is now `right`, and no longer `bottom`.
```
